Adding influxDB videos for season 7 (#4457)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/resources/videos/Explicit-Schemas-in-InfluxDB.md

---
title: Explicit Schemas in InfluxDB
description: >

>   InfluxDB is a schema-less database. But what if you *want* a schema for your time series data? Well, you can choose to enforce a schema at the bucket level. Here, Zoe Steinkamp covers the basics of schemas, and how to go about using explicit schemas in InfluxDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  InfluxDB is a schemaless database. But what if you *want* a schema for your time series data? Well, you can choose to enforce an explicit schema at the bucket level. Here, Zoe Steinkamp covers the basics of schemas, and how to go about using explicit schemas in InfluxDB.
```
